{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red51\green51\blue51;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\cbpat3\li3893\sl-461\slmult0\cf1\lang2057\expndtw6\b\f0\fs23 TIM BRETT'S REPORT\cf0\lang9\expndtw0\fs20\par
\pard\cbpat3\fi-1195\li3773\ri1440\sl-461\slmult0\cf1\lang2057\expndtw4\fs23 LEUCHARS COMMUNITY COUNCIL MEETING \expndtw5 Tuesday 01 August 2017\cf0\lang9\expndtw0\fs20\par
\pard\cbpat3\li240\sb523\cf1\lang2057\expndtw3\fs23 I.      \ul Matters Arising from Meeting on 4 July\cf0\lang9\expndtw0\ulnone\fs20\par
\pard\cbpat3\fi-360\li1070\sb283\sl-274\slmult0\tx1070\cf1\lang2057\expndtw-16\b0\fs24 a.\expndtw0\tab\expndtw-1\ul MOD Properties in Hampden Close\ulnone  - Martin Kinsey advised me on 21 July that\line\expndtw0 the MOD (DIO) have taken the decision to offer the properties on the open\line market and have started to advertise them for short period leases.\cf0\lang9\b\fs20\par
\pard\cbpat3\li1080\sb278\sl-274\slmult0\cf1\lang2057\expndtw-1\b0\fs24 I shared this information with Fife Council's Housing Service who were surprised \expndtw0 at this as they had understood at a previous meeting with DIO that St Andrews \expndtw1 University were likely to be offered the properties. I am aware that the Council \expndtw0 have written again to DIO asking whether Housing Associations in Fife can be considered for the use of the properties.\cf0\lang9\b\fs20\par
\pard\cbpat3\fi-360\li1070\sl-274\slmult0\tx1070\cf1\lang2057\expndtw-18\b0\fs24 b.\expndtw0\tab\expndtw1\ul Madras College\ulnone  - Reminder that there will be a further consultation event at\line\expndtw-1 Kilrymont Campus on 23 August and at Tayport Primary School on 24 August.\line\expndtw0 On both days this will be a drop in event from 2.00pm to 8.00pm.\cf0\lang9\b\fs20\par
\pard\cbpat3\fi-360\li1070\sb5\sl-274\slmult0\tx1070\cf1\lang2057\expndtw-14\b0\fs24 c.\expndtw0\tab\expndtw1\ul Eden Mill Site, Guardbridge\ulnone  - We are still awaiting a date for a further public\line\expndtw0 consultation event that was promised. I hope that this be arranged sometime in\line\expndtw-3 September.\cf0\lang9\expndtw0\b\fs20\par
\cf1\lang2057\expndtw-14\b0\fs24 d.\expndtw0\tab\expndtw1\ul Speeding in Leuchars\ulnone  - Following my report at the last meeting, I understand\line\expndtw0 that two Leuchars residents have come forward to volunteer to be trained for\line Community Speed Watch. Gordon Hughes has also confirmed that there are a\line\expndtw-1 number of signs that were still being erected in the village regarding the survey\line\expndtw0 that was undertaken last year.\cf0\lang9\b\fs20\par
\pard\cbpat3\fi-360\li1070\ri518\sl-274\slmult0\tx1070\cf1\lang2057\expndtw-11\b0\fs24 e.\expndtw0\tab\ul Broadband Deployment\ulnone  - I had a further update from Morag Miller of Fife\line Council advising that in the period January to March 2017, premises in\line Leuchars were connected to fibre broadband.\cf0\lang9\b\fs20\par
\pard\cbpat3\fi-360\li1070\sl-274\slmult0\tx1070\cf1\lang2057\expndtw-10\b0\fs24 f.\expndtw0\tab\ul Condition of the Railway Bridge at Leuchars Railway Station\ulnone  - I have received a\line copy of the reply that the Minister Humza Yousaf sent to Willie Rennie, MSP.\line This confirmed that discussions had been taking place between Network Rail\line\expndtw1 and Fife Council regarding the transfer of the bridge. Maintenance work was\line\expndtw-1 planned on the bridge in 2017/18.\cf0\lang9\expndtw0\b\fs20\par
\cf1\lang2057\expndtw-14\b0\fs24 g.\expndtw0\tab\expndtw1\ul Leuchars Railway Station Car Park\ulnone  - Following the official opening, I am\line\expndtw0 pleased that improvements to the car park have been made for wheelchair\line users. There is also discussion taking place about the creation of a drop off\line\expndtw-1 area at the station.\cf0\lang9\expndtw0\b\fs20\par
\pard\cbpat3\fi-346\li1070\sl-274\slmult0\cf1\lang2057\expndtw1\b0\fs24 h.  \ul Request for a Crossing on Main Street\ulnone  - Colin Stirling has advised me that, \expndtw0 following the request at the last Community Council meeting there is not \expndtw-1 sufficient footfall for a crossing on Main Street close to the Fern Place junction. \expndtw0 Crossings cost \'a346,000 and are normally located where there is significant footfall and access is required to shops and other facilities.\cf0\lang9\b\fs20\par
\pard\cbpat3\fi-355\li1080\sl-274\slmult0\cf1\lang2057\expndtw-1\b0\fs24 i.    \ul Dog Fouling\ulnone  - Following the discussion at the last Community Council meeting I \expndtw0 contacted Paul Colman and asked if his staff would patrol Station Park. He has got back to me to say that there was no evidence of fouling when they visited but he did comment on the length of the grass.\cf0\lang9\b\fs20\par
\pard\cbpat3\fi-715\li715\sb274\sl-274\slmult0\qj\cf1\lang2057\expndtw7\b0\fs24 2. Following concerns raised by a resident about a retaining wall at the north end of \expndtw1 Main Street, I have been advised that this is not a hazard at the present time but \expndtw0 Transportation Services will continue to keep an eye on this.\cf0\lang9\b\fs20\par
\pard\cbpat3\fi-720\li730\ri10\sl-274\slmult0\qj\cf2\lang2057\expndtw6\b0\fs24 3. Temporary Road Closure from \expndtw46 13-14\expndtw6  August. Main Street will be closed at the \expndtw-2 Meadow Road junction.\cf0\lang9\expndtw0\b\fs20\par
\pard\cbpat3\li10\sb274\cf2\lang2057\expndtw-1\ul\fs24 Items for Information\cf0\lang9\expndtw0\ulnone\fs20\par
\pard\cbpat3\fi-715\li715\sb278\sl-274\slmult0\tx715\cf2\lang2057\expndtw-15\b0\fs24 A.\expndtw0\tab There are still some children's summer activities still taking place eg: at Waterstone\line\expndtw7 Crook from \expndtw29 7-11\expndtw7  August but also at other centres provided by Fife Sports and\line\expndtw-3 Leisure Trust.\cf0\lang9\expndtw0\b\fs20\par
\pard\cbpat3\sl-274\slmult0\tx715\cf2\lang2057\expndtw-17\b0\fs24 B.\expndtw0\tab\ul Eden Estuary\ulnone  - I have received copies of the July and August newsletters.\cf0\lang9\b\fs20\par
\cf2\lang2057\expndtw-14\b0\fs24 C.\expndtw0\tab\ul Kinship Care\ulnone  - I have received a copy of their July newsletter.\cf0\lang9\b\fs20\par
\pard\cbpat3\fi-715\li715\sl-274\slmult0\tx715\cf2\lang2057\expndtw-19\b0\fs24 D.\expndtw0\tab\expndtw2\ul Conduit   Scotland\ulnone    are   opening   two   Fife   branches   under   the   Community\line\expndtw7 Development Finance Initiative which Fife Council along with Falkirk and West\line\expndtw4 Lothian Council have established.  The aim of this is to provide a means of more\line\expndtw1 affordable credit for people who are excluded from the main street lenders such as\line\expndtw3 banks.   There will not be a shop in North East Fife but they can be contacted on\line\expndtw9 03001110556.\cf0\lang9\expndtw0\b\fs20\par
\cf2\lang2057\expndtw-20\b0\fs24 E.\expndtw0\tab\expndtw13\ul Community Broadband\ulnone  - I  have  received  an  update on the roll out of the\line\expndtw2 Community Broadband property which is seeking to provide broadband to remote\line\expndtw-1 and rural properties.\cf0\lang9\expndtw0\b\fs20\par
\cf2\lang2057\expndtw-20\b0\fs24 F.\expndtw0\tab\expndtw1\ul Police Introductory Meeting -\ulnone  Newly Elected Councillors were invited to meet Chief\line\expndtw0 Superintendent Colin Gall and his Senior Team on 18 July.\cf0\lang9\b\fs20\par
\pard\cbpat3\sl-274\slmult0\tx715\cf2\lang2057\expndtw-14\b0\fs24 G.\expndtw0\tab\ul Intergenerational Training\ulnone  - An event is being held in Tayport on 21 September.\cf0\lang9\b\fs20\par
\pard\cbpat3\fi-706\li720\ri10\sb5\sl-274\slmult0\qj\cf2\lang2057\expndtw7\b0\fs24 H \ul Fife Cultural Trust\ulnone  - I have received a briefing from the Chief Executive on FCT \expndtw-1 activities and developments.\cf0\lang9\expndtw0\b\fs20\par
\pard\cbpat3\fi-701\li720\ri14\sl-274\slmult0\qj\cf2\lang2057\expndtw10\b0\fs24 I. \ul Health and Social Care Partnership\ulnone  are seeking public representatives to help \expndtw0 inform the experience of people seeking care and advice when their GP practice is \expndtw1 closed. I have details if anyone would be interested in taking part.\cf0\lang9\expndtw0\b\fs20\par
\pard\cbpat3\li5\sl-274\slmult0\cf2\lang2057\b0\fs24 J         \ul Taymara\ulnone  - I have received a copy of their latest newsletter.\cf0\lang9\b\fs20\par
\pard\cbpat3\fi-696\li710\sl-274\slmult0\qj\cf2\lang2057\expndtw5\b0\fs24 K. \ul Food Waste Bag Selling\ulnone  - Fife Resource Efficient Solutions are trialling the sale of \expndtw2 food waste bags from 13 of the 14 Fife Sports and Leisure Centres. Food Waste \expndtw0 Bags will be available from \'a31.30 per roll of 25 bags and can be purchased at East Sands Leisure Centre, Cupar Sports Centre and Waterstone Crook Sports Centre.\cf0\lang9\b\fs20\par
\pard\cbpat3\fi-696\li710\ri14\sl-274\slmult0\qj\cf2\lang2057\expndtw2\b0\fs24 L. \ul Freedom Programme\ulnone  -1 have received notification of the next Freedom Programme \expndtw0 which is aimed at supporting individuals suffering from abuse. The programme will begin in Cupar on Thursday 31 August. Anyone who would like further information \expndtw-1 should contact 01592 786701.\cf0\lang9\expndtw0\b\fs20\par
\pard\cbpat3\li14\sl-274\slmult0\cf2\lang2057\expndtw-1\b0\fs24 M.       East Fife Open Doors Day will be on Sunday 3 September.\cf0\lang9\expndtw0\b\fs20\par
\pard\cbpat3\li5\ri6490\sb1094\sl-278\slmult0\cf1\lang2057\fs24 Councillor Tim Brett \expndtw-3 Tuesday 01 August 2017\cf0\lang9\expndtw0\fs20\par
}
 